fix: Improve docs for min and max table offsets (#14890)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/shared/configuration.md

  # CLI flag: -bloom-build.planner.interval
  [planning_interval: <duration> | default = 8h]

  # Newest day-table offset (from today, inclusive) to build blooms for. 0 start
  # building from today, 1 from yesterday and so on. Increase to lower cost by
  # not re-writing data to object storage too frequently since recent data
  # changes more often at the cost of not having blooms available as quickly.
  # CLI flag: -bloom-build.planner.min-table-offset
  [min_table_offset: <int> | default = 0]

>   # Oldest day-table offset (from today, inclusive) to compact. 1 till

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Oldest day-table offset (from today, inclusive) to build blooms for. 1 till
```

  # yesterday, 2 till day before yesterday and so on. This can be used to lower
  # cost by not trying to compact older data which doesn't change. This can be
  # optimized by aligning it with the maximum `reject_old_samples_max_age`
  # setting of any tenant.
  # CLI flag: -bloom-build.planner.max-table-offset

>   [max_table_offset: <int> | default = 1]

Reviewer: Should we increase the default to 7? I think this would make sense in the broader context

Author: I'm hesitant to do that until we get more confident about how good the build process scales. If data doesn't change as often, building today + tomorrow should work more most of the cases.

Reviewer: Ok with that
